like Jesus I kept a secret from you and
I'm going to tell you today I ordered
something I think I might have done
previous video on it or saying I was
going to get one but one of them came i
will buy probably about one or three
more of thems i have four but i'm going
to show you what arrived i'm in the mail
today from DJ superstore so stay tuned
yet there is it seek an LED part 36 so
polite park would let me just get ok
we're going to unbox this baby very
quite heavy threats axis we've got a
power cable which is just a basic kettle
lead freakin part of a battered off
instruction but is first time and i
liked so these this is a great life
let's take it out packaging and have a
little bit server how you doing this in
one page by the way there is a nice bike
Robbie's plastic cross front tech tip
just check the stuff well that's not
very good it's got a few scuffs on it
here here is our light you can i'm
guessing you can adjust the handle like
that so you can carry it like that lock
it down and go really that is all i want
to do is I'm going to do a video later
when it's a bit dark up and use these
for led up lighting that's what I made
then you can do to this we just lock it
down
but maybe lock it down to a piece of
wood or something so it doesn't actually
fall over the fingerprint flips or
fingerprints on it upright it or open
for me was probably going to have it
aiming up like that's somehow but anyway
there's a light nice little piece of kit
run away from company who can and just
going to put your back put our logo our
power socket our input power output and
our dip switches okay with coming in to
it's like so tune in for my video later
and you will see this half an action by
the way
16 what's happened function and except
multiplayer mode on so little be quite a
good PT gear so nice today off
practicing English